articles based on new examples (#258)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/pages/docs/creators/javascript/examples/accessing-internet.md

- The requestor must request the outbound feature in the demand and include a Computation Manifest there. The manifest must declare the `target_url`.
- The provider offers the service at least for the `target_url`. (So either outbound for unrestricted URLs or the `target_url` is included in the whitelist).

You can find more information about the feature and the manifest in the following articles: [Accessing the Internet](/docs/creators/javascript/guides/accessing-internet) and [Payload Manifest](/docs/golem/payload-manifest).

The requestor is responsible for:

- Manifest creation
- Defining demand for outbound access

> Both examples are accessing urls included in the Whitelist. For the current Whitelist see [https://github.com/golemfactory/ya-installer-resources/tree/main/whitelist](https://github.com/golemfactory/ya-installer-resources/tree/main/whitelist).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both examples are accessing urls included in the default whitelist. Click [here](https://github.com/golemfactory/ya-installer-resources/tree/main/whitelist) to view the whitelist.
```

node index.mjs
```

## Basic outbound access

> In this example we will download a file from `ipfs.io`. This is one of the domain included in the whitelist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we will download a file from `ipfs.io`. This is one of the domains included in the whitelist.
```
